Jeremiah Parrack
ID: 002-24-7394

Miner- Body Ritual Among the Nacirema
 
Summary: 

This article begins by reiterating the idea that anthropologists have studied so many people groups that it is difficult to surprise them with a tradition or custom that others may find shocking. This sets the stage for the practices of the Nacirema people, as the anthropologists describes their customs as “unusual” and “an example of the extremes to which human behavior will go” leading the reader to become very interested in what these practices are. In hindsight, this article is a crude depiction of the American culture (Nacirema is American spelled backward). The anthropologist focuses on the idea that these people are fixated on the human body, as they believe it is “ugly” and weak. He states that their existence revolves around magic and rituals performed to combat their body issues. Miner refers to visiting the dentist to treat cavities despite the fact that their teeth will continue decaying. He also references visiting the hospital by depicting it as a cold and uncomfortable place that is expensive and not always effective. Miner also touches on daily personal hygiene rituals such as showering and shaving and likens the act of parents teaching their children these things to “bewitching”. The article ends by discussing pregnancy as a rare event and eludes to it being something women are even ashamed of by mentioning that they try to hide it.  
 
Response: 

When I first began reading this article, I did not immediately
recognize Miner was talking about Americans. However, I began to draw my own
parallel, especially when he touched on body image and the idea that the people kept things why they could not even explain why they were keeping them. It is apparent that body image and this hoarding mentality are present in our culture today. In some respects, I agree with Miner especially with the idea that we can be consumed by these things and go to extensive efforts to look a certain way or try to stay healthy despite the fact that we are always growing older. Miner’s stance, however, is a little bit ironic as seems to feel that modern medicine is just “magic”, expensive, cruel, and to some extent a waste of time and then goes on to state “it is hard to understand how they have managed to exist so long under the burdens which they have imposed on themselves”. Though personal hygiene and regular visits to the doctor are time consuming and somewhat burdensome, I personally believe these things are the reason why we have existed for so long and why the average life span is longer than it was even 100 years ago. In summary, though I think Miner was being a little extreme, this was an extremely intriguing article as it was interesting to hear the average American life in such a crude representation.
